Найдено 8 элементов с классами, содержащими 'accordeon-body'
Полученные данные с веб-страницы:
{'project_type': 'IT expertise', 'text': 'Our professional team has been working in the IT market for 13 years, with experience in website development, mobile applications, software development, and technical support for numerous projects. We oversees maintenance and provides technical support'}
{'project_type': 'Integration of new features', 'text': 'Our wide range of services includes post-launch integration of new features. Whenever a need for something fresh arises, our frontend development and back-end development teams are always ready to jump on the task and have it finished according to your vision in no time. These are the same specialists developing the websites in the first place, meaning they will already be familiar with the architecture of your particular site'}
{'project_type': 'Optimization', 'text': 'In case any performance issues arise with the website, we immediately look into them, whether it is to polish the responsive design of the user interface (UI) or improving the loading speeds of specific pages. We perform both desktop and mobile optimization for all the websites we launch'}
{'project_type': 'Reputation', 'text': 'Our agency has been in business since 2010, and we have completed more than 400 different projects throughout these years. The websites we have launched continue to bring millions of visitors to their owners, many of whom have been collaborating with us for years now'}
{'project_type': 'Saving time', 'text': 'Our team takes over all the maintenance tasks, saving you time and effort on managing it yourself. And while we take over the majority of the responsibilities, we still follow your creative vision when adding new features or polishing the existing ones. This approach allows us to collaborate together to achieve the desired result in the most time-efficient manner'}
{'project_type': 'Saving money', 'text': 'We have an optimized process of website maintenance, allowing you to save money on hiring your own specialists. The support is performed by the same developers who create the websites, meaning they already know the architecture and infrastructure of its core systems'}
{'project_type': 'Reliability', 'text': 'We are available at all times and never hesitate to help you out no matter the issue. Whether it is a bug, an access problem, or a new feature request, you can rely on our team to complete the task quickly and efficiently'}
{'project_type': 'Easy communication', 'text': 'We are on call 24/7, meaning you can both easily have developers working on an urgent issue or simply contact us regarding a less urgent matter at any time. We are always willing to listen to your ideas and come up with suggestions that will help bring them to life according to your vision'}
Данные из JSON:
{'index': '1', 'project_type': 'IT expertise', 'text': 'Our professional team has been working in the IT market for 13 years, with experience in website development, mobile applications, software development, and technical support for numerous projects. We oversees maintenance and provides technical support'}
{'index': '2', 'project_type': 'Integration of new features', 'text': 'Our wide range of services includes post-launch integration of new features. Whenever a need for something fresh arises, our frontend development and back-end development teams are always ready to jump on the task and have it finished according to your vision in no time. These are the same specialists developing the websites in the first place, meaning they will already be familiar with the architecture of your particular site'}
{'index': '3', 'project_type': 'Optimization', 'text': 'In case any performance issues arise with the website, we immediately look into them, whether it is to polish the responsive design of the user interface (UI) or improving the loading speeds of specific pages. We perform both desktop and mobile optimization for all the websites we launch'}
{'index': '4', 'project_type': 'Reputation', 'text': 'Our agency has been in business since 2010, and we have completed more than 400 different projects throughout these years. The websites we have launched continue to bring millions of visitors to their owners, many of whom have been collaborating with us for years now'}
{'index': '5', 'project_type': 'Saving time', 'text': 'Our team takes over all the maintenance tasks, saving you time and effort on managing it yourself. And while we take over the majority of the responsibilities, we still follow your creative vision when adding new features or polishing the existing ones. This approach allows us to collaborate together to achieve the desired result in the most time-efficient manner'}
{'index': '6', 'project_type': 'Saving money', 'text': 'We have an optimized process of website maintenance, allowing you to save money on hiring your own specialists. The support is performed by the same developers who create the websites, meaning they already know the architecture and infrastructure of its core systems'}
{'index': '7', 'project_type': 'Reliability', 'text': 'We are available at all times and never hesitate to help you out no matter the issue. Whether it is a bug, an access problem, or a new feature request, you can rely on our team to complete the task quickly and efficiently'}
{'index': '8', 'project_type': 'Easy communication', 'text': 'We are on call 24/7, meaning you can both easily have developers working on an urgent issue or simply contact us regarding a less urgent matter at any time. We are always willing to listen to your ideas and come up with suggestions that will help bring them to life according to your vision'}
